what is your guys in this video i'm
going to show you five products you need
to be selling right now on your shopify
drop shipping stores every single one of
these products that i've found have been
hand picked by me and proven to sell by
the competitors that i found them from
now i found these products using a
strategy that i covered in last video so
if you haven't watched that video make
sure to do so because i go through a
step-by-step guide on exactly how to do
it using this exact strategy i found
products that have been consistently
doing well for me on a daily and monthly
basis so what i'm gonna do is i'm gonna
grab my phone and i'm gonna show you
exactly how much i'm making on a daily
monthly basis on my shopify store all
right so keep in mind that i'm in seoul
south korea so even though it's one
o'clock here it is 8 pm in the states
and my store runs on u.s time so if it
focuses today so 4k and then this month
we're at 61k
so it looks like it's probably gonna be
around 100 something k month
all right now that we've gotten through
that let's hop into the video
all right so product number one is this
thor hammer water bottle it just seems
like it's a basic water bottle shaped
out of a thor hammer but if you know
anything about this specific audience
and this niche it's an extremely
extremely passionate audience around
marvel
and this is the tick tock that i saw and
it just seems like it's showcasing the
product itself i guess he's just washing
the bottle but within the marble 4
series
thor is the only person that can pick up
the hammer
so i guess is why he kind of played with
the audience comments here and look at
the amount of ugc user-generated content
that this account is pushing out on a
daily basis so the product itself costs
12.83
the shipping is gonna be three dollars
and fifteen cents and i'd say that you
could sell this product anywhere from 24
to 29
and you could charge three dollars for
shipping so the competitor right here is
charging 29 that puts the net profit of
this product at 12 to 17 depending if
you price it at 24.99 or 29.99 and the
shipping you just charge the same amount
for the shipping so it cancels out
okay so i have the tick tock video
linked here at the competitor website
and then the aliexpress link before i
move on i do want to talk about
this template right here if we get 500
likes i'm going to input and download
this template into the comment section
so you guys can go and download it
yourself and use it on your product
research so now let's move on to product
number two product number two is an ice
cream
rollers so there's two variations
there's a circle one and then there's
the
rectangular one now this is the exact
tick tock that i saw so it looks like
you can put either milk or cream onto
this frozen base
and then from here you can put
strawberries you can put any type of
toppings and then you crush it up
and then you wait for it to freeze and
then you can use the little scraping
tool to make your own rolls
yeah so tons of engagement and it's
perfect for ugc content this is
essentially what i would just post in an
ad so repurpose this specific video or a
viral video usually less than 60 seconds
and then reverse that for facebook ads
and that's your winning creative if it
goes viral so what we can look at right
here is the template now the price per
unit is depending on which variant you
choose this one is 459 and the shipping
is a little bit more
but the overall cost is a bit less so i
was going with the rectangular one so
it's 459
unit cost the shipping is 15.67 so what
you could sell this at is i would say
around
39.39 to 44
and then you charge 4.99 for shipping
you'd obviously lose on the shipping
here but you went on the unit price
itself so the overall net profit is
24.72 i could not find a competitor
website for this product because this
guy is just a basic creator if you want
you can go into tick tock and just type
in ice cream roller and see if you can
see any accounts that are dedicating all
their content to
making tick tock videos for this product
and then you know they have their link
in bio and the website all right so
that's that for product number two let's
go on to product number three all right
so product number three are these
reusable water balloons that i've been
seeing on tick tock
quite a bit but they're super cool
because regular water balloons as you
know they're made out of plastic and
they break on impact but these from this
video that i saw right here you fill
them up you close it they're sealed and
then you can throw them they explode and
then you do it all over again all ugc
use genuine content iphone filmed videos
like i've been telling you guys basing
around trends and showcasing the
products getting engagement getting
people to click that link in bio to
convert them to sales dura balloons a
hundred and sixty-four thousand
followers 1.7 million likes they're
selling for 19 quid which is around
should be like 24 around there a little
bit more maybe but they're selling it in
six packs so they're doing bundles a lot
of potential to do bundling right here i
personally wouldn't sell this unit by
unit i would sell it in either like a
six or twelve you can even go more i
don't know why they aren't utilizing
upsells but okay they got the 12 pack at
a discounted rate and so if you go back
here to the template the six pack is
eight dollars and 22 cents they're
charging a 194 for i think it's
aliexpress standard shipping free
shipping okay from china to the us per
unit i would sell the six pack at 24.99
and i would also do upsells for the 12
pack potentially at 44.99 and you can do
an 18 pack you can even go up but i
would not sell this per unit shipping i
would charge 299 so that leaves us at an
overall net profit for the six-pack
itself at 17.82
that's product number three now let's go
on to products number four iso product
number four is a frosted can glass now
it's kind of interesting product seems
like it makes your drink really cold and
it comes with a little kit so this was
the tic tac that i saw this wasn't the
exact product but i'm sure that if you
keep looking you can find the exact one
but this is a very similar one and it's
a bamboo shaped but this is the exact
video that i saw
it's got
ninety seven thousand likes tick tock
maybe buy it and here we go with the
link in the bio
to their product is canadian based all
right so now let's go on to the template
the products sell the unit price
depending on which unit you decide to go
with this is the one i chose the one
with the lid the straw and the little
cleaner kit so that one's 5.23 the
shipping is 3.66
so the unit price that i would
personally sell this at is 30. to 34.99
and then the shipping would be 3.99 so
that leaves us with an overall net
profit of thirty dollars and nine cents
so like i said
here is
a different unit but if you were to go
in and
type let's see if we go in and type
frosted beer can glass
we're gonna be able to see tons of
various products that are very similar
to the one that we just saw since you'd
be making your own content it really
wouldn't matter anyway all right so now
let's go on to product number five the
last but not least product product
number five the last product is an
iphone spray cleaner so it's this one
right here it seems like you just
basically spray you have a little spray
bottle and then you have a nice
dedicated cleaner along with it so it's
a little kit this is the ad that i saw
it doesn't seem like they diversify
their content but it looks like they're
doing a lot of trends they're abusing
viral sounds but they're getting views
1.6 million views 800 000 views they're
getting a lot of engagement a lot of
traffic to this page where they're
selling the product for 14.99 new thing
is everyone has a phone and
having a dirty phone is a concurrent
issue so this is a pretty universal
product you can even use it on your
macbook wow this is a pretty cool
website all right so let's go to the
template per unit's gonna be 3.98 the
shipping is zero here they got free
shipping and then per unit i would sell
this at around 17.99 i would charge 199
for shipping and the over on net profit
per unit would be 16 for this product so
it's a pretty decent margin that's it
for product number five remember like i
said if we get 500 likes on this video
i will be giving you guys this entire
template where you can input your own
products you can use these products and
you got entire little database of the
cost of goods retail price and the
profit alright so just about wraps up
for the five products you need to do
selling right now we just went over all
the resources for why you should sell
those products now if you guys enjoy
this video please hit that like button
and if you enjoy my content please
subscribe i'm gonna be posting more
videos just like this in the near future
i'll see you guys in the next video
peace
[Applause]